New contribute pages + other changes (#40)
elixir-europe/infectious-diseases-toolkit: contribute/tool_resource_update.md

---
title: Updating the tool and resource list
summary: How to add a tool or resource to Infectious Diseases Toolkit
---

## Way of working

> The tools or resources you will find on pages are a filtered set from a [bigger list](all_tools_and_resources). This filtering is done using page_id. If a tool or resource is tagged with for example the page_id `metadata`, it will be automatically listed on the corresponding page. The page_id can be found in the [Website overview page](/contribute/website_overview). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tools or resources you will find on pages are a filtered set from a [bigger list](all_tools_and_resources). This filtering is done using page_id. If a tool or resource is tagged with, for example, the page_id `metadata`, it will be automatically listed on the corresponding page. The page_id can be found in the [Website overview page](/contribute/website_overview). 
```

## The main table

The main table is based on [this google spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13tqfSbgivokfEkxGXPRFShVhCmO4VuTQRe4uQgJOMbc).

The table consists of 5 columns:
- **name**: the name of the tool or resource
- **url**: URL to the main page of the tool or resource, make sure to let the URL start with `https://`
- **description**: A short description of the tool or resource. Try to not use the characters `"` or `'` 
- **registry**: 3 registries are supported: [Bio.tools](https://bio.tools), [FAIRsharing.org](https://fairsharing.org/) and [TeSS](https://tess.elixir-europe.org/). The keywords you can use respectively are: `biotools`, `fairsharing`, `fairsharing-coll` and `tess`, specifying the id or query with a colon). FAIRsharing collections have an ID that follows the pattern `bsg-s000XXX`. List multiple registries using a comma `, ` between the keywords to separate the key:value pairs. The values that are given in the table will always overrule the automatic links. If no FAIRsharing ID, Bio.tools ID or TeSS Query is available for a source, you can overwrite the automatic linking by adding 'NA' as registry.

> - **related_pages**: This is used to tag the tools so it is listed on the correct page. We only allow page_id that are linked to a page. To find out what the page_id of a page is, please check its metadata attribute `page_id` at the top of the markdown file or the [Website overview](website_overview) page. List multiple page_id's by using a comma `, ` between them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **related_pages**: This is used to tag the tools so that they can be listed on the correct page. We only allow page_id that are linked to a page. To find out what the page_id of a page is, please check its metadata attribute `page_id` at the top of the markdown file or the [Website overview](website_overview) page. List multiple page_id's by using a comma `, ` between them.
```
